query-frontend: Increase memory requested and limit (#15688)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Jsonnet

* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Increase default query-frontend cache size limit to 25MB. #14857

> * [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Increase memory requested and limit to 2GB and 4GB respectively. #15688

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] Query-frontend: Increase memory requested and limit to 2GiB and 4GiB respectively. #15688
```
